Android Eighteen!
Where are you?!
If you do not come out,
I will destroy every
one of these islands!
I will not hesitate!
[EXPLOSION]
[A18 GASPS]
What now...?!
He's serious!
We have to get off
of this island, fast!
Do not be alarmed.
Cell is intentionally
restraining his attacks
to a level he knows
you can withstand.
He is only trying
to draw you out
in order
to absorb you.
Great!
But what about you?!
You're already damaged.
You can't
afford a direct hit!
[A16 THINKING]
Absorbing Android Seventeen
has already made
Cell invincible.
And yet, he is still obsessed
with achieving his perfect form.
It is clear he intends to find
Android Eighteen at any cost.
Even if it means
destroying the rest of
the world in the process...
♪ opening song ♪
Huh...?
[BULMA]
Goku!
Hey...!
I wanted to say...
...y'know, good
luck in there.
Goku, the Time Chamber
can be a very harsh place.
I hope you are both ready.
[GOHAN GASPS]
[DOOR CREAKS OPEN]
[DOOR CREAKS SHUT]
[GOHAN]
Wow! It's so bright in here.
And... my body feels heavy...
and... it's kinda'
hard to breathe.
[GOKU]
Yep... And not only that,
but once this door is closed,
we're completely cut off
from contact with
the outside world.
Here... Try sensing Cell's
energy, or Vegeta's...
I think you'll
see what I mean.
You're right...
I don't feel anything!
[GOKU]
Now...
The bathroom's through
that door right there.
And most importantly,
here's the food...
Looks like that
should be enough
to get us by for a whole
year... you think?
Yeah, it looks like
more than enough,
even with as
much as you eat!
So that's it.
We've got everything
we could possibly need.
I don't know what
I was worried about.
This place
isn't so bad.
Yeah, well...
Go take a look out back.
That's the training area...
You'll see the reason why
I barely made it a month
in here when I was a kid.
[GOHAN GASPS]
[GOHAN]
This is crazy!
How could this
be inside a room...?
It's bigger than
the whole Lookout!
It's just a huge empty space!
[GOKU]
And it goes on and on
like this in every direction.
[GOHAN]
Oh, wow...
[RUMBLING]
[CELL] If Eighteen
had been on that island
I'm sure she would
have surfaced by now.
Well... perhaps the next.
Android Eighteen...!
There is no use
in hiding from me!
The next island
I destroy might be yours!
Come out now,
or take your chances!
[EXPLOSION]
Hmm. Still nothing...
No matter, there are
only so many islands
left to choose from...
I'm certain to come to the one
she's hiding on eventually.
Of course... "eventually"...
isn't soon enough for my taste.
[MULTIPLE EXPLOSIONS]
[VEGETA THINKING]
If these blasts are any
indication of Cell's power,
then I'm not sure what
Kakarot and the others
were so afraid of.
Huh...?
[CELL GROWLS]
[CELL SCREAMS]
[MULTIPLE EXPLOSIONS]
This is it!
He's almost right on top of us!
Stay calm...
Cell will be on
the lookout for anyone
attempting to
flee the island.
He will not see us
if we remain in place.
We must try to
ride out the attack.
[CELL]
Still no sign of her,
and only one island remains.
Only one...
[CELL LAUGHS]
Stay down...
He has not seen us yet.
If you go
out there now,
it will mean the end
of everything...
This is it, Eighteen...
You're mine now.
Uhh...
Hi...
Ahh...
What the... Vegeta?!
Yes... The one and only...
Let's talk.
Vegeta...?
Hmph... So what brings
you here, Vegeta...?
You gonna start
spouting some nonsense
about how you're gonna
defeat me, is that it?
No, I wouldn't
say "defeat"...
Try something stronger...
like "obliterate."
[CELL LAUGHS]
That's rich...
You think you can?
[CELL LAUGHS]
Try it.
[VEGETA]
You know, for an android
created from my cells,
you're quite
the disappointment.
Heh...
I was expecting you
to be much more impressive.
More impressive than the most
powerful being in the universe?
You should consider it
an honor to be a part of me.
[VEGETA]
Ha... Why would I? You're
nothing but a cheap imitation.
I am Vegeta...
Prince of all Saiyans.
[A18]
Is he insane?
He couldn't even put up
a decent fight against me...
What could he possibly hope to
do against a monster like Cell?!
Huh...?
Ah...so you're here, too.
Though it seems you've
changed quite a bit.
Haven't you, Trunks?
Heh... But...
it's not going to matter
if there are two
of you or twenty.
Bring as many fools
as you like. I'll wait.
[VEGETA]
Don't misunderstand...
he's a spectator.
In fact, I'll be quite
angry if he gets involved.
I intend to fight
you one-on-one.
You're serious...
Well... it's obvious
you've become delusional!
[VEGETA]
Only one way to find out.
[CELL LAUGHS]
If you say so...
Come on then!
Let's play out
this little fantasy.
Cell is right to laugh...
Vegeta is just
being ridiculous
if he thinks he can
stand up to him.
He won't last
five seconds...
If we're gonna make a break
for it, we should do it now,
while they're
still talking.
Wait... We will be able
to make our escape
once the battle begins.
Vegeta has changed.
His power has
increased substantially
since you last faced him.
He is not the same fighter.
What...? How...?
There's no way it could change
that much in only a few days.
And I'm sure he wasn't
holding back when we fought.
Now, watch closely, Cell.
I'm about to wipe that
disgusting smirk of yours
right off your face.
[VEGETA YELLS]
[TRUNKS THINKING]
Looks like Dad's
going full force
right from the start...
Intense.
[VEGETA YELLS]
[PICCOLO]
That energy surge...
It's Vegeta...
So, it's starting...
It's... unbelievable!
Right, Vegeta...
This is it...
Time to see
if you really have
found a level
beyond Super Saiyan.
[VEGETA YELLS]
[CELL LAUGHS]
[EXPLOSION]
Huh...?
[A18]
What is this?!
There's no way Vegeta could
have gained this kind of power!
It's impossible!
[VEGETA SCREAMS]
Huh...?
It's still rising...
It's like there's
no end to it...!
[VEGETA GRUNTS]
[VEGETA SCREAMS]
You have...
gotta be kidding!
[CELL STAMMERS]
[TRUNKS THINKING]
There's no denying it.
Dad really has gone
beyond Super Saiyan.
Ahh...
[CELL YELLS]
Heh...
What's wrong...?
Did you need me to say
"go" before I started?
[CELL YELLS]
[VEGETA YELLS]
[VEGETA LAUGHS]
[CELL YELLS]
[TRUNKS THINKING]
Dad's new speed is amazing.
It's all Cell can do to keep
track of his movements.
[SPLASH]
What just happened?
They're so fast,
it's all a blur!
Heh...
So, are you going to start
fighting for real... or what?
I suppose I'll
have to after all...
[CELL YELLS]
[TRUNKS THINKING]
Cell is really trying now...
But Dad's still
toying with him...
I don't believe it!
That's Vegeta's energy...
atleast I think!
[KRILLIN THINKING]
I barely recognized him.
Somehow, his power is even
more massive than Cell's now!
[KRILLIN GASPS]
He must've been the first
one to come out of that
"year in a day" training room
Goku was talking about.
Wow. And just in time, too.
Gotta keep goin'...
[GOKU]
Be careful.
If you wander off too far,
it's real easy to lose
your bearings...
and this isn't the kinda' place
you want to be lost in.
Yeah. Right.
[GOKU]
The temperature swings
are crazy in here.
From over a hundred degrees,
down to below zero...
The air's about twice
as thin as it is outside,
and the gravity's
ten times stronger.
It's an extreme place
for extreme training.
And... we... uhh...
We've gotta stay a year, huh?
C'mon... I think we should
get to work right away.
This is why we're
here, after all.
[GOHAN YELLS]
[GOHAN BREATHES HEAVILY]
[GOKU] Told ya'.
It's pretty intense, huh?
Gravity training takes
some getting used to
if you've never
done it before.
Just keep at it,
your body'll adjust.
[GOHAN] Right.
[GOHAN BREATHES HEAVILY]
So, first off...
We need to work on making
you into a Super Saiyan.
A Super Saiyan? Me?
Yeah.
But... I dunno... I mean...
Do you...
really think I can?
Well, sure.
Why not?
I can do it, and
you're my son, aren't you?
We'll spend some time
teaching you how to transform...
and then we'll be able
to get into the real training.
Okay, but...
what about you, Dad?
Won't it hold you back
if you're spending
all your time on me?
Yeah, probably
at first...
[GOKU LAUGHS]
Gohan, listen...
once you've turned Super Saiyan,
it's really gonna
speed things up.
Just imagine how much harder
you'll be able to push me
as my sparring
partner... eh?
Trust me.
You can do it...
You've just gotta
believe in yourself, okay?
'Kay, Dad.
Great...
So... We've got
a year to train,
and I'm gonna find a way
to go beyond Super Saiyan.
I'm gonna make myself even
stronger than Vegeta or Cell.
As for you...
By the time we're done,
you're going to be
even stronger than I am.
Huh...? That's crazy;
there's no way!
[GOKU]
It's not crazy.
It's my dream
for you, Gohan.
And I'm sure it's going
to come true one day.
[GOHAN]
I don't know...
I just don't think
I have it in me...
What about what
Trunks told us?
I was a Super Saiyan
in his time, right...?
But he said I still
wasn't strong enough
to beat the Androids.
[GOKU]
What's that got
to do with anything?
Our timeline is
already way different
from the one
in Trunks' future.
I managed to beat that
heart virus, didn't I?
And if I can change
my future, so can you...
You already are,
by coming with me to this place.
Yeah... Right...
Now you've just
gotta put in the work.
Okay...
Let's get started.
Good, that's
the spirit!
Now, I'm going to be a lot
tougher on you than Piccolo was.
Think you
can take it?
Heh.. Yeah!
[CELL YELLS]
[VEGETA]
Come on.
This is starting
to get boring.
[CELL GROWLS]
That's it!
Now I'm mad!
I've humored you
long enough...
Heh...
[SPLASH]
[CELL SCREAMS]
[VEGETA YELLS]
[CELL YELLS]
I think it's time I gave
you a taste of my true power.
I can't wait...
[CELL YELLS]
[EXPLOSION]
Huh...?
[CELL YELLS]
[CELL LAUGHS]
That was it? Really...?
[CELL]
You've mocked me for
the last time, Vegeta.
From now on,
there's no holding back.
Oh, so you've been holding
back. Is that the problem?
Well, do your worst, then...
I doubt it'll
make a difference.
[CELL LAUGHS]
[CELL YELLS]
[CELL GRUNTS]
Ah... So you do have more power
than you were letting on...
Too bad...
it's still not enough.
Cell can't win this fight.
[CELL YELLS]
[VEGETA GRUNTS]
Huh...?
If that's the best
you can do...
...then I suppose
there's no reason for me
to draw this out
any longer, is there?
Impossible...
You shouldn't be this strong!
You can't be...!
You're just Vegeta!
Not quite...
I am Super Vegeta!
[NARRATOR]
Vegeta's confidence
knows no bounds,
and he has
the power to match!
It seems Cell's
quest for perfection
is about to
come to an end...
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ closing song ♪
[CELL]
I am Cell! This can't be
happening! I'm invincible!
[VEGETA] Hmph...
In your dreams, maybe.
[CELL]
If only I could reach
my perfect form...!
[GOKU]
Looks like Vegeta's
taking care of Cell
just fine without us...
[CELL]
I have to absorb Android 18!
Where is she?
I must find her!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai...
Cell On The Verge Of Defeat!
Krillin, do something!
[CELL]
This can't be happening!